https://codepen.io/jackhenry15/pen/ZEpqJve

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Clearly defined elements to help readers and search engines better understand the context.
2. What is HTML used for? 
Structuring sections/paragraphs/headings/links in web pages and apps
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Things that define additional characteristics of an element. They are always put in the start tag
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is a header tag, and you should try to limit the times you use it to once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Href, img, ol/ul
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
html
7. What is an id? 
An attribute used to point to a specified style declaration in the style sheet
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
You can add an ID to any javascript/html element
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
It must be unique within an html document, so once.
10. What is a class? 
An attribute that references a class in a style sheet
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
You can add a class to javascripts/html elements
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
You can use it as many times as you want
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
A backup text or information for an image if it cant be loaded. It is a text alternative to the picture
15. How do I reference an id?
Refer to the ID in the start of a tag
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section creates independent sections with logically connected content. A div is an empty container
17. What is CSS used for? 
Presentation, formatting, color, font
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class can be used more than once. An ID is a unique attribute.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class _____
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A selector that selects all elements which are a direct child of the specified element. This would be helpful when replacing errors in code based around one element.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div, sidebar
24. What is a pseudo selector?
A selector that selects elements in a specific state
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height: xxx;
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing: xxx;
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: xxx;
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border:1px dotted #000000
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm xxxx. it does not give a prompt asking are you sure, it just does it.
34. Why should I use version control? 
It is best for high performing software, also it allows developers to move faster and be more efficient
35. How often should I commit to github?
However often you want to submit channges to the code
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin jack-henry
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork the original repo, clone the fork, cd to the folder you want to clone the repo into, git clone, cd into the cloned repo, git checkout -b 'jack-henry', work on the project, git add, git commit -m "comment", git push -u origin jack-henry, pull request on github, select forked copy and then copy the link.

Stretch Questions
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Inline elements do not force a new line to begin, block elements cause line breaks to occur
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
it is put onto its own layer separate form everything else
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
flex-shrink: 0
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
div
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
